User Story 1:
Saik wants to buy a house and is concerned about the source of electricity used. He
wants to calculate the co2 footprint of each type of electricity generated among the providers
and choose the least CO2 emittance type of electricity for his house.

User Story 2:
The regulatory board has implemented a new sensor that allows them to track CO2
emissions of all cars. Along with the cars that have already completed their commute and the
ones ongoing, they want to implement a dashboard that displays the top10 CO2 emitters of the
day

User Story 3:
Shaun wants to travel from Stuttgart to Karlsruhe what is the total CO2 emitted during
the complete trip

User Story 4:
A group of 12 students plan a trip from Frankfurt to black forest and hire 3 cars. The
owner wants to know the CO2 emissions of each car separately in order to calculate the CO2 tax.

User Story 5:
Peter travels from his house to college, college to work, work to party and from party to
house. Which of the following routes have emitted the most CO2 and which route emitted the
least CO2?

User Story 6:
Jeffery Zuck, a Business Analyst of an e-CAR start-up company wants to know the CO2
concentration levels in cities, such that he can promote the product in one of the most air
polluted cities during peak time to maximize his company's sales.

User Story 7:
Simon, a car enthusiast driven by his interest about cars, wants to check out the list of
car models which emit minimal co2 based on varied fuel consumption

User Story 8:
Jack, an owner of Bio Run, a biodiesel company. In order to increase his profit, he wants
to collaborate with the car brand emitting highest CO2 emissions based on varied types of fuel
consumption.

User Story 9:
Index monitoring system wants to analyze the total amount of co2 emission city wise
having dense population, list the protocols followed by the local governing systems of the cities.

User Story 10:
Regulatory board decides to establish co2 check points, set a emission quality flag in top
cities based on CO2, CH4 emissions increased or decreased from last year and list reason for
change in co2 emissions.

User Story 11:
Ajay, a person working in city A wants to travel to city B. Depending on the traffic he
wants to calculate the available routes along with their emissions.

User Story 12:
Swathi, wants to travel from home to work. In order to reduce CO2 emissions during her
transportation, she wants to calculate her footprint if she travels by her car or public transport
via train.

User Story 13:
A journalist is writing a report on Urban and Rural Lifestyles and requires facts on CO2
emissions individually based on population.

User Story 14:
Mr. Sharma’s family living in Heidelberg owns 3 cars. Mr. Sharma Drives from home to
work at Stuttgart, Mrs. Sharma drives from home to parlour in Mannheim and Ram Sharma
drives from home to college in Heidelberg. Mr. Sharma wants to know the CO2 emissions w.r.t
vehicles as a family

User Story 15:
Mr Bharadwaj, a staunch believer of "If you want to change the world, start with
yourself first" wants to keep a track of the daily commutes of his family to check which day of
the week they contributed more for CO2 emission.

